On the whole, for a program to be useful
it needs to get at least some
information from the user.
With this data, the program can take
actions that are relevant to the user,
instead of generic actions, like
printing hello world.
Data can be provided to a computer in a
bunch of different ways.
For example, on a website you might
input data by entering text into text
fields or clicking links.
If you're using a mobile application,
maybe you'll click on buttons or select
preferences from a drop-down menu.
In a command line program, you might
provide additional data by passing
strings as parameters to the program,
or you could have the program ask you
for data interactively.
All of these various platforms,
programs, and apps process data
differently. Some might take the
contents of a file as data to be
processed, others gather data from
other sources and process it in the
background. Remember our earlier
example, when we automated the process
of identifying and removing duplicate
emails?
There, the data provided to the program
was the list of emails, which would
usually be given in a file that lists
the emails one per line.
Whichever way your application gets the
data, it will need to come from
somewhere. For our first examples in
this course, we'll just have the data as
its own line in our block of code.
This is limited, but straightforward.
Later in this course, and in upcoming
courses, we'll introduce you to better
ways of feeding data into your code.
For now though, let's see this idea in
action in a very simple example.
By having the name separate from the
call to the print function, we're making
the line of code that calls the print
function generic, while still
personalizing the greeting.
If we then want to say hello to a
different person, we only need to change
the name, but the call to the print
function will remain the same.
Pretty simple, right? Next up, we'll
learn a few other easy things that you
can get Python to do for you.